Cloud + Enterprise 0.25.3 Documentation (#400)
astronomer/docs: cloud/stable/05_manage-astronomer/02_houston-api.md

> **Note:** To run this mutation, ensure that the user in question has already begun creating an account on the platform (i.e. the user has signed up and the platform has generated an "invite token" for that user).

### Bypass User Email Verification

> If you don't require users to verify their email before joining a Workspace, you can configure a bypass. This can be useful for minimizing friction when programmatically inviting many users to your platform.

Reviewer: Is it redundant to mention this api onlu works for "Users with Workspace Admin privileges"?

> If you don't require users to verify their email before joining a Workspace, you can configure a bypass. This can be useful for minimizing friction when programmatically inviting many users to your platform.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you'd like to not require users to verify their email before joining a Workspace, Workspace Admins can configure a bypass. This can be useful for minimizing friction when programmatically inviting many users to your platform.
```

Reviewer 2: It might be worth clarifying that this is at the user level, not at the platform level. In other words, a Workspace Admin can bypass this requirement when inviting a user or set of users, but it doesn't mean that it's globally enabled or disabled. Is that right, @aliotta ?

Author: We mention needing Workspace Admin privileges earlier in this guide, so I don't think that's necessary here.

Author: It is at a user level, but people would be writing these mutations on platform scale. They'd write autogenerate this mutation based on programmatic inputs, hence the second sentence. I tried to rephrase a bit to capture that.

> ```graphql

Reviewer 2: @jwitz I might also add a quick bullet list of the values the user needs to run this mutation (as we do above for other sample mutations). So:

- Workspace Admin privileges
- Workspace Uuid
- User Email Address
- User Workspace Role
- User Deployment Role(s)

Author: I'm going to take Deployment Role out of here, since I don't think it's necessary for this specific query (we don't include it in the previous `workspaceAddUser` example). @aliotta let me know if that's not the case.

Reviewer 2: Good call on deployment role - was actually sort of unsure how they'd set that here. In any case, not necessary

mutation workspaceAddUser(

>     $workspaceUuid: Uuid = "ckoipskl310476tbb4jvsznu4"
>     $email: String! = "aliotta343@gmail.com"
>     $role: Role! = WORKSPACE_EDITOR
>     $deploymentRoles: [DeploymentRoles!]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    $workspaceUuid: Uuid = "<your-workspace-uuid>"
    $email: String! = "<user-email-address>"
    $role: Role! = "<user-workspace-role>"
    $deploymentRoles: "<user-deployment-role(s)>"
```

    $bypassInvite: Boolean! = true
  ) {
    workspaceAddUser(

>       workspaceUuid: $workspaceUuid
>       email: $email
>       role: $role
>       deploymentRoles: $deploymentRoles
>       bypassInvite: $bypassInvite

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      workspaceUuid:
      email:
      role:
      deploymentRoles:
      bypassInvite:
```

@aliotta These are the values we want returned from the mutation, so we can get rid of these place-holders yea?

Author: I remember from last time that you need to specify the values above as variables here, so these palceholders are in fact part of the query that people should include.

Reviewer: @jwitz that is correct the query won't work w/o those variables. cc @paolaperaza

Reviewer 2: Oh whoops, I stand corrected. Thanks for the check @jwitz & @aliotta !

    ) {
      id
    }
  }
```

> 

Reviewer 3: @aliotta @virajmparekh @fhoda - please review this doc change that provides an example for adding a user bypassing invite.

Reviewer: can we remove my personal email from this and replace with something more generic
